Add info to website (#3403)
yewstack/yew: website/versioned_docs/version-0.20/getting-started/build-a-sample-app.mdx

#### Update Cargo.toml

> Add `yew` to the list of dependencies editing file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `yew` to the list of dependencies by updating your Cargo.toml:
```

Author: @hamza1311 suggested changes implemented in PR #3406.
